Add `@workflow.init` decorator to python.md Key Concepts (#57)
temporalio/skill-temporal-developer: references/python/python.md

### Workflow Definition
- Use `@workflow.defn` decorator on class

> - Use `@workflow.init` on `__init__` to run initialization code before `run` or any signal/update handler is invoked

Author: ```suggestion
- Use `@workflow.init` on `__init__` to receive workflow input and initialize state before `@workflow.run` or any signal/update handler is invoked
```
